my imagination
oh shoot
so
I was never ever lift weights without a
spotter hey I'll remember that hi she
looks good since your eyebrows grew back
mostly music is looking for a new host
of rocketing talking so if you're in
your teens between ages of 13 and no
teen we're holding open auditions down
here ghostly and now here's Stanley is
near with his later TVJ yeah big throw
something paper so what time should we
get there early
all right all right now listen up i'm
sam benton the station manager here at
mostly music and i can't tell you how
thrilled I am that you all turned out
today yeah
how much
take care of this wait
okay game like being a VJ is way better
than being a DJ cuz you get to write off
your clothes and hair and brains okay
everybody walk this way just kidding
career oh and you get to do anything you
want chew gum complain about the
establishment and do spontaneous stuff
that you don't even have to think about
hey that's it let's do these auditions
live on air youtube first no I didn't
set the timer on my VCR just have fun
you're on in two seconds oh good I'm
better under pressure
hugo first no way it was your idea it
was your room you wanted to do it no no
I said it was stupid guys what you're on
and this is going out to thousands of
viewers who are now reaching for their
remotes
I'm car keys Andrew here's a here's a
video guys we're not quite ready to
stretch it uh here's a couple videos
guys with roma guys guys you guys stink
down there just relax the camera is your
friend Jenny I get these guys some
interview questions we have hi hi
um Kirk who would you consider the
fastest guitar player today ah Billy
Rider Eddie Van Halen or that white
snake guy definitely the white snake guy
how could you say that Andrew if you
disagree so vehemently why would you
include him as one of your three choices
Billy riders much faster and he writes
the best lyrics I'm in a jam let me out
of the jar and it's a metaphor Yeah
right why don't you call them and find
out what it means all right why am I
gonna get his number
dream phone to do that oh uh hello uh
Billy rider please what time is it three
in the afternoon never call this early
man I suppose never call this early as a
metaphor to
he's tired from playing the guitar so
fast I win what I do I have to play this
okay here's Billy riders latest on
mostly don't play it too loud you don't
want to wake them up okay guys guys
we've made a decision no hard feelings
we want you both both yeah all right
yeah you're a great team out Bay team
interesting chemistry chemistry thank
you jenia lose only other hopefuls will
you give them all out mostly mother you
guys great and we get to be on for two
hours and we can do anything we want
except yodel that was a joke vijay's are
known for their outrageous sense of
humor it took Galileo less time to find
moons of Jupiter than is taking me to
find this book this is it
tax department yeah
Oh glitch not your typical head bangers
are very concerned with the environment
oh please the only thing they care about
is recycling beer bottles we need a new
TV Andrew actually looks good let's go
back to the beginnings of glitch when
they're called why you look so handsome
throw themselves with the Phenom she'd
let me iron his shirt halo is that not
withstanding well nothing much more than
just watching my brother host mostly
music what's your mother doing
Stephanie Marin andrew van Andrew told
me about the audit are you okay Oh fine
well no I'm self-employed and I've been
a CAD lacks and keeping receipts over
the past eight years Howell acts I have
three mmm i was wondering if i could put
down Andrew as a partial dependent he'd
have spent a lot of time in the lab why
don't you just blow up the lab and write
it off um maybe you should use mom's
accountant uh-uh honey I don't think Ben
would be interested Ben's desperate the
auditors in today's hey welcome to rock
and talking and today we're walking okay
who can answer a music trivia question
and win and genuine article floors
here's likely winner hi name anyone
member of the Beatles uh Don Henley what
are you a small don't iron my face okay
no the worst part is that they they have
your right where they want you I hate
being treated like a child tell me about
it well it can't get any worse okay I'm
gonna need papers pencils and a miracle
this is shelling buck well all I I'll
leave you two alone quick errand yes
what's going on and this is sean back as
my accountant and now she's yours
you said you were desperate
a militia start a fan club yeah let's
just ask for more money guys guys bad
news budget cuts I'm gonna have two acts
one you know her feelings you have to
Lena next week may the best man win go
ahead ask him for more money hey welcome
to the Kirk show you know gang it could
be to your time only one of us can be
Vijay yes it just may be the curcas last
week here on mostly well I don't expect
any favoritism just because I'm from a
broken home although I do think that
that horrible experience helps me
understand a little better the pain of
rock and roll fuller Kirk we've got your
favorite home please
you
that was a request from Kimberly whose
sakes now don't see what other treasures
lion Andrews mailbag dear Andrew and
Kirk love you guys she says something
about Kirk and then she goes on to say
and andrew has a really cute smile
although he could use a haircut sign
Darren Clem ah Kirk remember our viewers
hey night and although out there we've
got the Smashing new contest called why
do we really love care just write down
and a thousand words or more why we
really love Kirk but when I gets to
spend time with me cake and me mates the
rolling stones is making the lads now on
mostly relax guys we're off what are you
doing a studio is clear in music nexon
is the key to credibility Oh last time
you were on you didn't have one they're
gonna know you were faking it I'll tell
the most taken it before big mistake
hammer wonder you love the accent thanks
girl I didn't know you were English yeah
whoa what this looks promising you got a
receipt here for ten bags the cacl true
cloud su and chloride expensive three
bucks a bag I use it to melt the snow in
my driveway who's to know that let's uh
let's make a fifty bucks a bag uh-huh
well what's the verdict
you're gonna be selling your house or
Lisa Zachary Nelson of Oak Park sent us
this amazing scrapbook of Billy Ryder
and the cherry Pez can we get a close-up
of this Oh see the tattoo live Zachary
discovered it says evil backwards oh wow
hi you're mostly live hi Jenny this is
Lisa you won't believe it I work here
let's fill our wires here in his limo oh
wow calm down speak more slowly okay
okay too much just ordered a large root
beer much wine and the banquet burger
with or without onions
huh mr. Ryder andrew clements for mostly
music I'm just wondering if that window
soundproof I don't want to hurt you guys
let him go hey how'd you know is here
hey I figure Billy rider 330 breakfast
time you're okay tell you what if you
can get by my security I'll give you an
interview
how'd you get up here I can fly a nice
super speed you're all right come on in
do you hate Billy rider as much as I do
well if so come on out to the mostly
music parking lot this Saturday for the
first annual Billy ride our tape toss
sorry Lenny the winner gets to introduce
her favorite video right here on the cur
cur show now here's a real song window
dressing with I don't a limb
what's up Andrew just taped an interview
with the impossible to get Billy Ryder
so Billy what was a real reason for the
cancelled gig in the garden yellow gummy
bears excuse me Andrew where I come from
a man's word is his bond my contract
stipulates I get gummy bears backstage
but no yellow ones so you see when I
Billy rider saw that yellow one in the
middle of the bowl peeking at me I just
couldn't go on I know my dad's
understand powerful stuff son thanks
we're gonna miss you around here
stand by Kurt we're back in three
one hey I've been thinking no it didn't
hurt that first annual Billy Ryder tape
toss these that little something extra
he's come on out and watch the cur cur
mound his chopper and crash from a
ten-foot blow up Billy riders face
that's good hi well how'd the otic go
fine fine I just came over to see if
Andrew could watch over a few of my
experiments while I'm in the slammer
Benjamin I knew I shouldn't have
suggested mrs. Schilling buck no no no
no it's not your fault my back was up
against the wall I knew what I was
getting into the witch Stephanie
Benjamin this is shawn bak I just talked
to the auditor and got any chips the
results please you're getting an 81
dollar refund really oh that's great
thank you
thank you you're welcome huh your bill
bye
twelve hundred dollars
Kirk are you crazy yes according to my
insurance guy yes you should he do this
true but then you'd get the job I don't
care about that
well actually I do but but you could get
seriously hurt you could fly up this
ramp limp in the air four times land on
your head and break your arm well thank
you I'm site after k
hey Lenny lose the lens cap I'm only
doing this once okay
great stuff well done well done hi there
I'm Sam bent the manager of mostly music
now as some of you already know only one
of these young men will be staying with
us and that young man's name is andrew
clements oh thanks
but Kirk and I are keen what it's both
of us are neither of us I could
appreciate that you're fired Kirk you
want the job yeah
I'm with him we're team
very admirable
you don't find that kind of loyalty much
anymore you're both fired we're out of
here
a man's word is this I can't believe
they Candace my cartridge yeah we were
happy respect but look on the bright
side we learned something Billy Ryder
hates yellow gummy bears no we don't the
bullet big fame is fleeting it's just
the friendships you forever hi o our
exhaustive search to replace andrew and
kirk is oh so you're the head took an
exhaustive search to replace us here she
is a big fan of that ex-beatle don
henley Alison Nesbitt
you